hello welcome to five side got some news
and news and news and reviews for you
once again let's go first up I'd like to
let you know that you can check out my
brooklyn's finest review over on doing
reviews dot blogspot com there is going
to be a link down there for everything I
mentioned jumping into gaming news first
the wiimote is going to become a sex toy
of some sort the Mojo we Joe I don't
really know how to say the funny word
but it sounds like mojo Donna it is an
adult that loud for little boys and
girls to get some pleasure yes this
when you're just google it I'm not
talking about it anymore oddworld
stranger's wrath which is coming to
pierce free psn might not actually be
coming to xbla due to the fact that
microsoft only allows two gigabyte
downloads on xbla and the file for the
remark remate stranger's wrath weighs in
at 2.1 come on microsoft give a guy a
break you're breaking these guys poles
minus breaking the bottles bowls like
soft bring you some resistance free
concert dark or just art that you might
get the collectors book who know has
been leaked online not showing much
really but the images will give you
something to ponder over much like the
trail talking that's creatures that
screen kill you I've a review up a
survival of the dead George a Romero
slatest zombie flick go check it out now
there check it out tattoo and Nomura
katsu no I'm just going to stop as
stated in a recent interview that he
would like to be celebrating the 10th
interview anniversary of Kingdom Hearts
in 2012 but don't expect the third game
to be out at this time and it says
they're going to be working on another
PSP what now if the rumors of PSP two
coming up maybe next year then maybe
that's what they're working or maybe we
can expect a kingdom hearts PSP to gain
before we even get a kingdom hearts
appears for you who knows there is a
blindside review up on the loser box
whoa calm it was center bulls
oscar-winning role last year and was
also nominated for movie year too i
think it was really worth that do I
really think it was that good deserve a
nomination for her the wii
best actress any one way to find out
really isn't